1. What is event delegation?
    a. The process of managing the events in an application to maintain scalability of the app with respect to events is known as event delegation
    b. event delegation helps the different scenarios of managing the different kinds of events that interact without any breakage

2. Scenario of why it is needed (multiple categories)
    a. For example, consider a category div with an unordered list of categories
    b. Assume that each 'list' item click would redirect to a new specific page and an event listener for each list item is used to achieve the same
    c. The above structure solution works but it caused scalability issues because assume there are thousands of categories which result in thousands of event listeners and causes performance bottlenecks
    d. Event delegation process helps in solving this issue and is explained via example sas follows

3. Example-1 of how event delegation is used to overcome above situation
    a. Conside the scenario of having 3 unordered category list items and each of them designated to reroute to specifc category page
    b. upon the attached 'click' event for the parent 'ul' tag of the 3 inputs, we search for the 'id' values inside <target.id>
    c. based on the string manipulation logic, we see different behavior outputs


4. Example-2 of how behavior pattern can be achieved
    a. Consider the scenario of having 3 input texts and attributes of data-uppercase/lowercase/password
    b. upon the attached 'keyup' event for the parent div of the 3 inputs, we search for the attribute values inside target.dataset.<attrribute-value>
    c. based on the string manipulation logic in each case, we see different behavior outputs

5. Pros and cons
    A. Pros
        a. It helps in saving memory. ex: of having an event listener at the parent level instead of children level
        b. Helps in writing less code by avoiding repitition and improves readbility of code
        c. scalability of the new added items/events can be easily handled

    B. Cons
        a. It does not handle all events. ex: on-blur, on-focus
        b. e.stopPropagation() breaks the event delegation at various scenarios and this needs to be planned appropriately

