1. Debouncing enforces that a function is not to be called again until a certain amount of time has passed without it being called.
    a. ex: execute a function only if 100 ms have passed without it being called
    b. here event is the limiting factor

2. Throttling enforces a max number of times a function can be called over time
    a. ex: execute a function at most once every 100 ms
    b. here time is the limiting factor

3. Examples
    1. Search bar:
        a. In a search bar, wrt debouncing, after we type a search and give a break of 250ms, an API call could be made.
        b. In a search bar, wrt throttling, after every 250ms, we are making an API call
        c. Debouncing looks more meaningful because the results obtained are sensible as we think of something and take a break after which
            we get an auto complete result, 
        d. Mainly, we are worried about the number of calls being made as every operation is costly at high levels

    2. Resize window:
        a. wrt debouncing, while we resize and give a break of 100ms, an API call could be made for understanding the resize analytics. This would be not suitable experimentally for analytics
        b. wrt throttling, while we resize, an API call is made for every 100ms. This helps in understanding how many times the user resized wrt a specific timeframe
        c. Throttling seems to be the viable option for this scenario because we've consistent data for the analytics which is more trustable
        d. Mainly, we are not worried about the number of calls being made as our objective is analytics and not majorly on reducing the API calls

    3. Gaming:
        a. wrt debouncing, we have a scenario of using a pistol. you fire after you've taken a break and reloaded?
        b. wrt throttling, we have a scenario of using a machine gun. you fire the bullet in frequent intervals.
        c. but in genral, for gaming , we use throttling
    
4. The overall decision of using debouncing or throttling depends on the use case scenario
    a. If you aim to reduce the number of API calls drastically and aim on performance, use DEBOUNCING
    b. If you aim to achieve certain analytics or any operations at the cost of making extra API calls(althrough reduced number of extra API calls), use THROTTLING